README.md, before:

## Coders for Labour Website

This site is built using Jekyll and hosted on Github Pages.

### Installation:

- Install Jekyll if you do not have it already - [jekyllrb.com/docs/quickstart](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/quickstart/)

- `git clone git@github.com:coders-for-labour/coders-for-labour.github.io.git`
- `jekyll build` will do the first build of the site and produce a directory called `_site`. __This directory will always get wiped when running this command, never edit this directory__.
- `jekyll serve` will build the site __and__ start a web server for you to visit - [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000)

### Dev notes:

- Always make sure you `git pull` when starting anything new on this repo.
- For anything new always create new branch
  
    `git checkout -b feature-nice-shiny-new-thing`
    
    Commit this new branch > submit a pull request > wait for review and the thumbs up of at least one other member, then merge branch to master to go live.

### Participation guide:

- Comment code as you go, this will make life easier for somebody that steps into a project you have been working on.
- If you are editing somebody else’s code, follow the same style/syntax and try to avoid cleaning somebody else’s code. Edit lines relevant to your task for a simpler git merge. Refactoring is a separate job.
- Communicate with others if you are unsure. Join the [Slack channel](https://codersforcorbyn.slack.com/), post on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/codersforcorbyn/), whatever makes you feel most comfortable. There is no question too silly.

Commit message:

Added reference to bundle
'bundle install' needs to be run before site can be built / served

README.md, after:

## Coders for Labour Website

This site is built using Jekyll and hosted on Github Pages.

### Installation:

- Install Jekyll if you do not have it already - [jekyllrb.com/docs/quickstart](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/quickstart/)

- `git clone git@github.com:coders-for-labour/coders-for-labour.github.io.git`
- `bundle install`
- `bundle exec jekyll build` will do the first build of the site and produce a directory called `_site`. __This directory will always get wiped when running this command, never edit this directory__.
- `bundle exec jekyll serve` will build the site __and__ start a web server for you to visit - [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000)

### Dev notes:

- Always make sure you `git pull` when starting anything new on this repo.
- For anything new always create new branch
  
    `git checkout -b feature-nice-shiny-new-thing`
    
    Commit this new branch > submit a pull request > wait for review and the thumbs up of at least one other member, then merge branch to master to go live.

### Participation guide:

- Comment code as you go, this will make life easier for somebody that steps into a project you have been working on.
- If you are editing somebody else’s code, follow the same style/syntax and try to avoid cleaning somebody else’s code. Edit lines relevant to your task for a simpler git merge. Refactoring is a separate job.
- Communicate with others if you are unsure. Join the [Slack channel](https://codersforcorbyn.slack.com/), post on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/codersforcorbyn/), whatever makes you feel most comfortable. There is no question too silly.
